DOC-888 Add Serverless Pro to RPCN content (#162)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/develop/pages/connect/connect-quickstart.adoc

== Prerequisites

> A Redpanda Cloud account for Serverless Standard, Serverless Pro, Dedicated or standard BYOC (not customer-managed VPC). If you don't already have an account, https://redpanda.com/try-redpanda/cloud-trial[sign up for a free trial^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Redpanda Cloud account for Serverless Standard, Serverless Pro, Dedicated, or BYOC (not BYOVPC). If you don't already have an account, https://redpanda.com/try-redpanda/cloud-trial[sign up for a free trial^].
```

Author: Updated.

[tabs]
=====
Serverless Standard::
+
--
. Log in to https://cloud.redpanda.com[Redpanda Cloud^].

> . [[step2-standard]]On the **Clusters** page, click **Create cluster**, then under **Serverless Standard**, click **Create**.

Author: This follows the UI that is currently available in Production for the Redpanda organisation. Is that correct?

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's correct
